furniture
I
Hi there, this video is the 5 richest
dota 2 game teams
ahead of us for international 2015 and already
the prize fund is 11 million
dollars such a prize fund yet neither
I have never been to this game but now I
I will tell about 5 teams which in the past
were recognized as the richest
drove the fifth place team
cool and this is north american team
which was formed based on
roster gaming sleeps need no one
knows and at the international 2014 tournament
they took the fifth place where and got for
their own laws
six hundred fifty five thousand dollars
team dk ranked fourth
this is a chinese team
It was founded in 2010 and r like that
didn't know it shortened to the kinks then
have carly dota than proved the fourth
place on international 2014 and
received as much as 800 19 thousand dollars 3
place on international and in our top
takes a team of evil geniuses which
devastated geiba by a whole one million
dollars is the team highlighted
when ranked third for
international 2014 second place honorary
vici gaming team picks it up
this is also the Chinese team is not very
aggressive and arrogant style of play probably
thanks to him, it managed to achieve
great success including for
international 2004
which they took 1 million 400 thousand
dollars and finally still first place in
our top is the team you by
this is a pretty young team that
consisted of top players at the start
st helped win international
as well as the most important thing they took with
five million dollars
on this i will finish my video excuse me
Of course, that information on the teams so
few just don't have some kind of extensive
biographies of these teams that's all if
there was more I would make a video in length and
but I think you liked this video and
you will be rated by channel subscription
comments to anything
good luck everyone all bye